Add PAYG instructions to v2.8 (#1374)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.8/integrations-in-rancher/cloud-marketplace/aws-marketplace-payg-integration/aws-marketplace-payg-integration.md

---
title: AWS Marketplace Pay-as-you-go (PAYG) Integration
---

## Overview

Rancher Prime integrates with the [AWS Marketplace](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace) as a pay-as-you-go (PAYG) offering. This brings the value of running and managing Kubernetes environments to AWS customers, benefiting from a new pay-monthly pricing model available through the AWS Marketplace. This listing will enable you to manage any CNCF-certified Kubernetes distribution in AWS, on-prem, or at the edge. To learn more, see our non-EMEA and EMEA AWS Marketplace offerings for Rancher Prime:

- [Rancher Prime](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-f2bvszurj2p2c)
- [Rancher Prime (EMEA Orders Only)](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-ocgjwd5c2aj5i)

## FAQ

For more details on how Rancher pay-as-you-go offerings work, refer to the [pay-as-you-go FAQ](../cloud-marketplace-payg-integration.md#faq).

## Supported Versions

> - We currently recommend running Rancher v2.8.4. When you deploy a supported PAYG version, you can update to newer versions of Rancher when the listing is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rancher v2.8.4
- Rancher v2.7.9

We recommend using v2.8.4 for the latest features and security fixes.

When you deploy a supported PAYG version, you can update to newer versions of Rancher when the listing is updated.
```
